CallGraph Documentation (#28)
nowarp/nowarp.github.io: docs/tools/DumpCallGraph.md

misti -t "DumpCallGraph:format=json" <TACT_CONFIG_PATH|TACT_FILE_PATH> > callgraph.json
```

## Further Information

> For detailed instructions on how to work with the generated Mermaid, Graphviz DOT, and JSON files—including how to view, convert, and visualize them—please refer to the [DumpCfg documentation](https://nowarp.io/tools/misti/docs/tools/DumpCfg). The steps and tools used for `DumpCallGraph` outputs are the same as those described for `DumpCfg`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For detailed instructions on how to work with the generated Mermaid, Graphviz DOT, and JSON files—including how to view, convert, and visualize them—please refer to the [DumpCfg documentation](./DumpCfg.md#working-with-graphviz). The steps and tools used for `DumpCallGraph` outputs are the same as those described for `DumpCfg`.
```

## Further Information

> For detailed instructions on how to work with the generated Mermaid, Graphviz DOT, and JSON files—including how to view, convert, and visualize them—please refer to the [DumpCfg documentation](./DumpCfg.md#working-with-graphviz). The steps and tools used for `DumpCallGraph` outputs are the same as those described for `DumpCfg`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For detailed instructions on how to work with the generated Mermaid, Graphviz DOT, and JSON files—including how to view, convert, and visualize them—please refer to the [DumpCfg documentation](./DumpCfg.md#working-with-graphviz). The steps and tools used for `DumpCallGraph` outputs are the same as those described for `DumpCfg`.
```
